Add 2023 CF Workshop page. (#402)
cf-convention/cf-convention.github.io: Meetings/2023-Workshop.md

Reviewer: Remove lines referring to support for meeting - I don't think there is specific funding this year

---
layout: default
title: 2023 CF Workshop
---

# 2023 CF Workshop

The 2023 CF Workshop will be a virtual meeting on 3-5 October 2023.
The meeting will run for three hours on each day, 15:00 to 18:00 UTC,
plus an informal hour at the end of each day.

> Thanks for its support of this meeting to:
> - ??
> - ?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks for its support of this meeting to:
- ??
- ?
```

> - ?

Reviewer: Suggest these lines are removed - I don't think we have specific funding for the meeting this year

Author: Sorry, I'm not sure if we came to a decision on this during today's organizing committee meeting. Alison @japamment - You had a possible suggestion but I'm forgetting the details. Can you push a change to this PR, or create another PR with any addition?

Reviewer: @ethanrd I tried to push a change but didn't seem to have permission.

We can add a list of funders later, but we'll need to collect details from all the committee members. For now, I think we should remove these lines and publish the page as soon as possible so that people can start registering for the meeting.

## Registration

You can register using [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdKBGahnN4sjnGlY3-puFwe7cUuf9UJomL3Wb7JhYRN4IR0Qg/viewform).
There is no fee!

## Virtual Meeting Information

The meeting will be held on Zoom.
[Click here to access the meeting] -- Link coming soon!

> [Click here] -- Link coming soon -- to join the social hour after each day's sessions (the password should have been e-mailed to you, but if not it will be made available during the meeting).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The social hour after each day's session will continue on the same Zoom link as the meeting itself.
```

## Documents

All the presentations and notes for the plenary and breakout sessions will be available in this [Google Drive folder](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/1fxyG-4-9LD5zhfYA5F7zF_YqNFtJOjKI).

> The organizing committee requests that all presentations, in final form, be placed in a document repository that provides permanence for the document and a DOI (or other de-referencable PID).

Reviewer 2: Perhaps we should we add that we request presentations to be added those some time in advance, say by midnight UTC the day before, so we can encourage/ensure everything is there and ready (unless as an exception someone emails to say there's an issue and they'll need more time)? If everyone agrees, I am thinking something like:

```suggestion
The organizing committee requests that all presentations, in final form, be placed in a document repository that provides permanence for the document and a DOI (or other de-referencable PID), by the end of 2 October 2023 (midnight UTC) at the latest.
```

Author: In today's meeting of the organizing committee, we decided to use the Google Drive during the meeting (in case of any need for real-time or last minute modifications). And have a post-meeting deadline for putting presentations and reports in a repository for long term preservation and reference (DOIs).

or the Zenodo "Quick Start" [page](https://help.zenodo.org/docs/get-started/quickstart/).

## Agenda

### Tuesday, 3 October 2023

* **15:00 UTC - Welcome and Overview of meeting structure (Organizing Committee)**
  * Discussion-heavy plenary sessions
  * Lightning Talks
  * Hackathons (time to work)

* **15:10 - Process review and discussion (???)**
  * Release scheduling
  * Regular committee meetings
  * Office hours / ask me anything sessions (community call?)

* **15:35 - BCP 14 Discussion -- "MUST", "SHALL", "SHOULD", "MAY", etc. (???)**
  * How to move forward

* **16:00 - Lightning Talks (MC: Organizing Committee)**
  * Talk 1
  * Talk 2
  * ...

* **16:30 - Hackathon sessions (???)**
  * Topic 1 (Zoom Room ?)
  * Topic 2 (Zoom Room ?)

* **18:00 - Adjourn to Virtual Social Hour**
    * Virtual Social Hour

### Wednesday, 4 October 2023

* **15:00 UTC - Welcome, Review, Discussion (Organizing Committee)**

>   * Report out from Hackathon sessions
> 
> * **15:30 - ClimateEurope2**

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

* **15:05 - ClimateEurope2**
```

* **15:45 - Standard names - new developments, volunteers (Alison)**

* **16:00 - Lightning Talks (MC: Organizing Committee)**
  * Talk 1
  * Talk 2
  * ...

* **16:30 - Hackathon sessions (???)**
  * Topic 1 (Zoom Room ?)
  * Topic 2 (Zoom Room ?)

* **18:00 - Adjourn to Virtual Social Hour**
  * Virtual Social Hour

### Thursday, 5 October 2023

* **15:00 UTC - Welcome, Review, Discussion (Organizing Committee)**

* **15:15 - Report out from Hackathon sessions (???)**

* **16:00 - Lightning Talks (MC: Organizing Committee)**
  * Talk 1
  * Talk 2
  * ...

* **18:00 - Adjourn**

## Hackathons

Propose a hackathon topic: see CF Discuss issue #???

### Hackathon Schedule

#### Tuesday, 3 October 2023
* Topic 1
* Topic 2

#### Wednesday, 4 October 2023
* Topic 3
* Topic 4

## Lightning Talks

> Propose/Sign-up: _need a link_

Reviewer 4: Maybe an issue in this repository?

Reviewer: Alternatively, we could add lightning talks as a question in the registration form?

Author: We decided in today's meeting of the organizing committee to go with a question in the registration form.

### Lightning Talk Schedule

#### Tuesday, 3 October 2023
* Great talk 1 
* Great talk 2

#### Wednesday, 4 October 2023
* Another great talk 1
* 2

## The organising committee

> Alison Pamment
> Antonio S. Cofiño
> Charlie Zender
> Daniel Lee
> David Hassell
> Ethan Davis
> Guilherme Castelao
> Kevin O'Brien
> Lars Bärring
> Sadie Bartholomew

Reviewer 2: Markdown rendering treats this all as free-flowing plain text and smushes all of our names down onto one line, as shown in the rendered preview screenshot below for illustration:

![text_cf](https://github.com/cf-convention/cf-convention.github.io/assets/30274190/334d4393-8809-4034-b1fb-bcf1c9ae6e86)

therefore we should add bullet points:

```suggestion
* Alison Pamment
* Antonio S. Cofiño
* Charlie Zender
* Daniel Lee
* David Hassell
* Ethan Davis
* Guilherme Castelao
* Kevin O'Brien
* Lars Bärring
* Sadie Bartholomew
```
